Update adaptive rendering limitation note (#1505)
telerik/blazor-docs: common-features/adaptive-rendering.md

## Limitations

> * Custom values - some of the listed components allow custom values (for example, [ComboBox]({%slug components/combobox/custom-value%}), [MultiColumnComboBox]({%slug multicolumncombobox-custom-value%})). This feature is not compatible with `AdaptiveMode.Auto`. Their compatibility will be shipped in a future version of UI for Blazor: [Support for custom values in AdaptiveMode

Reviewer: * Don't use lists with a single item.
* Please fix the capitalization of the headings in this article.
```suggestion
Some of the [supported components](#supported-components) allow custom values, for example, [ComboBox]({%slug components/combobox/custom-value%}) and [MultiColumnComboBox]({%slug multicolumncombobox-custom-value%}). Using custom values with `AdaptiveMode.Auto` is currently not supported. To expedite the development of this feature, vote for the related feature request in the Blazor Feedback Portal: [Support for custom values in `AdaptiveMode`](https://feedback.telerik.com/blazor/1611829-support-for-custom-values-in-adaptivemode).
```

> ](https://feedback.telerik.com/blazor/1611829-support-for-custom-values-in-adaptivemode)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
